...believe nothing; know, or doubt, as the case may be..." -Aleister Crowley, Moonchild

"The God that plays dice has set us free." -Heinz Pagels

We know what we are, but we know not what we may be.
-Shakespeare

Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. -John F Kennedy

Be humble for you are made of earth.
Be proud for you are made of stars.
-Siberian proverb

Show what's true in yourself to the world. Find what's true in the world for yourself.

"When you lose your mind, you'll come to your senses." -Socrates, Way of the Peaceful Warrior

"I like your Christ. I do not like your christians. They are so unlike your Christ." -Ghandi

Censorship is telling a man he can't have a steak just because a baby can't chew it. -Mark Twain

"Those that can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities." -bumper sticker

"We are all subject to the fates. But we must all act as if we are not or die of dispair." -Golden Compass

"Success in life is determined by your ability to go from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." -Winston Churchill

"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." -Theodore Roosevelt

"When you cease to make a contribution, you begin to die." -Eleanor Roosevelt

"Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repairing." -Billy Rose

"The greatest joy in nature is the absence of man." -Bliss Carman

"Only the shallow know themselves." -Oscar Wilde

"Peace if possible, but truth at any rate." -Martin Luther

"There are three faithful friends: an old wife, an old dog and ready money." -Benjamin Franklin

"That man is richest whose pleasures are the cheapest." -Henry David Thoreau

"After silence, that which comes closest to expressing the inexpressible is music." -Aldous Huxley

"if you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything." -Mark Twain

"Give me where to stand, and I will move the earth." -Archimedes

"Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." -Thomas Edison

"Experience is the name so many people give to their mistakes." -Oscar Wilde

"It is better to deserve honors and not to have them than to have them and not deserve them." -Mark Twain

"Some folks can look so busy doin' nothin' that they seem indespensable." -Kin Hubbard

"Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn." -George Bernard Shaw

"Television is chewing gum for the eyes." -Frank Lloyd Wright

"Sleep, riches and health to be truly enjoyed must be interrupted." -Jean Paul Richter

"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." -Eleanor Roosevelt

"The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook." -William James

"The man who fears no truths has nothing to fear from lies." -Thomas Jefferson